---
layout: post
title: "About the blog"
author: "Pauli Lappi"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
---

This blog is related to the Marie Sklodowska Curie project called Mining, Lobbying and Efficient Environmental Policy 
(MILO) funded by the European Union's H2020 research and innovation programme. It contains posts on exhaustible resources, mining, 
environment, policy, economics and other topics. Most of the posts will be focused on the topics strictly related 
to the ongoing research conducted in the project. Some will not. Therefore this site does not act as the official
website for the project.

Let me briefly introduce myself and the project. My name is Pauli Lappi and I work as a Marie Curie Fellow at Ca' Foscari University in Venice. 
The project investigates environmental policy from the economics viewpoint with a focus on 
polluting exhaustible resource production. The related environmental problems are quite diverse 
varying from local air quality problems and acid mine drainage to global problems like CO$$_2$$ emissions 
that contribute to climate change. MILO has two research objectives. First, it will analyze the properties 
of the economically optimal environmental policy targeted at exhaustible resource production, and second, 
it will study the properties of the policy instruments when the policy-making is affected by lobbying.

As the above explains, my research interest is on environmental and resource economics. I received a 
PhD on the subject from University of Helsinki in 2013. Since then I've worked there as a post-doc and as a university 
lecturer. I'm currently on leave from the lectureship to work on MILO project. 

Lastly, the word MILO is the abbreviation of the project's name, but it can also refer to an island in Greece 
called Milos since in Italian the island is called Milo. Mining has been important for the island since the ancient 
times and, together with tourism, it is currently the main source of income and perhaps well-being for the island. So really, in my opinion, mining
is not incompatible with sustainable development, but there are problems with it that need solving. 

The blog is generated using Jekyll and Lagrange-theme developed by Paul Le. Big thanks!